Improve examples (#25)
ggciag/mandyoc: examples/Crameri2012_case2/README.md

The model setup consists of a 2800 km by 850 km box with a 150 km sticky air layer on the top of the model.
The mantle thickness is 600 km with a 100 km thick lithosphere.
The lithosphere density is 3300 kg/m<sup>3</sup> with viscosity 10<sup>23</sup> Pa.s,
the mantle density is 3300 kg/m<sup>3</sup> with viscosity 10<sup>21</sup> Pa.s
and the mantle plume density is 3200 kg/m<sup>3</sup> with viscosity 10<sup>20</sup> Pa.s.

Initially, the center of the plume is horizontally centered and 300 km above the base of the model.
At the top, the sticky air layer has density 0 kg/m<sup>3</sup> with viscosity 10<sup>19</sup> Pa.s.
A free slip boundary condition is applied to the upper boundary of the sticky air layer and the vertical sides of the model and the base are kept fixed.
There is no temperature difference, and the geodynamic evolution is guided solely by compositional density differences.

## How to run this example

### Generate the input files

To generate the interface, velocity, temperature and parameter file, you need to run `generate_input_file.py` as:
```
python generate_input_files.py
```

### Run the model

Now, you can run the model as:
```

> ~/petsc/arch-label-optimized/bin/mpirun -n number_of_cores ../../mandyoc

Author: Here I don't use env variables because my idea is that the user copy and paste the line in the terminal. As defult we put taht petsc is in `~/`

> ~/petsc/arch-label-optimized/bin/mpirun -n number_of_cores ../../mandyoc

Author: I also think that may be it is not necessary to use a run.sh.  @rafaelmds ... What do you think about eliminate the run.hs  ? So the user only need to copy and paste the README line to execute Mandyoc

```
__You have to change `number_of_cores`.__

Or you can use the script called `run.sh` to run it using 4 cores:
```
sh run.sh
```

> __Remember to change the number of cores.__

Author: OK!

At the top, the sticky air layer has density 0 kg/m<sup>3</sup> with viscosity 10<sup>19</sup> Pa.s.
A free slip boundary condition is applied to the upper boundary of the sticky air layer and the vertical sides of the model and the base are kept fixed.
There is no temperature difference, and the geodynamic evolution is guided solely by compositional density differences.

## How to run this example

### Generate the input files

To generate the interface, velocity, temperature and parameter file, you need to run `generate_input_file.py` as:
```
python generate_input_files.py
```

### Run the model

Now, you can run the model as:
```
~/petsc/arch-label-optimized/bin/mpirun -n NUMBER_OF_CORES ../../mandyoc
```

Or you can use the script called `run.sh` to run it:
```
sh run.sh
```
__You have to change `NUMBER_OF_CORES`.__ 

Remember that `PETSc` is installed by default in `~/`. 
If you have changed it you must adjust the path to _mpirun_ accordingly.

### Plot viscosity results

To plot the result, run `plot_viscosity.py` as:
```
python plot_viscosity.py
```

## Compare the result with other programs

> You can compare the result obtained using the Mandyoc code with the results of other codes, such as UNDERWORLD, I2VEA, and STAGE, for the same model, run:

Reviewer: I2VES, and STAGYY

> You can compare the result obtained using the Mandyoc code with the results of other codes, such as UNDERWORLD, I2VEA, and STAGE, for the same model, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can compare the result obtained using the Mandyoc code with the results of other codes, such as UNDERWORLD, I2VES, and STAGYY, for the same model, run:
```
